Yes it is in very much Hello ASSayaka Eemaa I half a year this video without tax or staggering
It will be about the first time or it will be a video about that Well I do not mind such a thing, but today
Well, as the title says
It is how to increase the diamond
It's not Toka bag I'm not the one with me
Well cat
I will explain how to pug First of all , go play in the Nethergate and go to the Nether
I will
Nether
I think that it is hard to make with well, but please do your best
Listen still I mean well done then was Mashi true
I think that there are many people making it Yes like this
What time is it to say
This kind of Do Well I have a guy say
Wither ring
That's what I thought a
There is a chest, and some people like that for money
Well there are a large yard to say Well this
There is this money to bring as a sample and there is also a diamond in other places
Find anywhere Well, roughly 9 it is 12 Toka total waste tires that there was about it
There is
In if there is ideas will return or else taking taken here
Please Ja'
Wait
Return you it is Lou here
When I come back
Oh now, the sound of me
There is a bar or a bar
There has been etc.
Once students
The base that sucks the game will be Seibu
Save and exit
After the
When
Forgive me
And then on
So comet
Wait wait
Ssu
If you smoke Seibu
Oh, of course is better has been or Nether
You should go out and save
Come back and include at the bed
Yes it is the other option in the world options here dark world here
I do there because there is iron to reset
Back to work labor
Set from encryption
Because it has been installed in another park with see you in a few trends
Yes
But I will have a book with a book .
Have a properly good looks
To have a prevention
The Te also is not get to the harbor Then as chat a little while ago
Ne
The best is there and open it
I still have money so if I do this many times
Lot
Yes it is to say Rutte increasing number of diamond
Is it not so efficient
this is
Thank you for watching
Kutteyuu it is me car tomorrow company plug